# Student Portal
This project is a Students' Portal that includes essential features for managing student information, attendance details, class timetables, and marksheets. The portal comprises the following pages

## Login and Signup:
  Utilizes Firebase authentication services.
  Provides different authentication methods for user registration and login.
## Dashboard:
  Displays the class timetable for lectures based on the user's own class schedule.
  Shows attendance details for each subject, including the attendance percentage.
  Indicates the number of classes a student needs to attend to meet the overall 75% attendance requirement.
  Assumes data for the number of classes attended and uses the class timetable to determine the total number of classes scheduled.
## Marksheets Section:
  Provides a semester-wise result overview.
  Displays subject-wise results for each semester.
## Profile and Settings:
  Shows the UID generated by Firebase and the associated email.
  Includes an option to change the password.
  Provides an option to log out.

# Technologies Used:
## React: 
   The project is built using the React library for building user interfaces.
## Firebase Authentication: 
   Firebase is used for user authentication services.
## Responsive Design: 
   The web pages are designed to be responsive, providing a seamless experience across different devices.


# How to Use:
Clone the repository to your local machine.
Run npm install to install the required dependencies.
Set up Firebase authentication and update the configuration in the project.
Run the application using npm start.

## Then add the below document without any changes in Login Credentials:

   {
  "email": tester@gmail.com,
  "password": "123456",
  }

  
